Hi!
I am Shawna Coronado and I am here today with
Chef Ryan Hutmacher, "The Centered Chef".
And he is going to show us how to cook a meal
for ten dollars or less.
And guess what?
We are right front, standing right inside
my front lawn vegetable garden.
We are going to use the vegetables from the
garden to make our lunch.
So we are doing a curried turkey salad and
we are going to put a little spin on it.
We are actually, we are going to put, we are
going to start off with the dressing.
Which will start off with the curry.
We have a little bit of olive oil based mayonnaise
right here.
Oh, that smells wonderful already.
A little red wine vinegar.
It is that curry.
It jumps out right at ya.
And a little bit of mustard right there, a
little Dijon.
What I am going to do Shawna, I am going to
mix this up.
I am going to pass this over to you, because
anytime you are going to make a salad with
a vinaigrette or a mayonnaise based dressing,
you always want to make the dressing first.
So I am going to pass this over to you and
we have some really cool ingredients over
there that I am going to have you toss in
there.
Okay.
We have grapes.
We have some red flame grapes.
How many should I add?
You know, you can go ahead and add the whole
thing inside of there.
Now add some dried apricots inside there.
Apricots, and we also have some celery.
We have some celery, which is going to add
a nice little crunch.
And we have, what is this?
Those are dried, tart cherries.
And those are actually from Travers City,
Michigan.
Alright, so I have got my sauce all stirred
up.
You can see that is coming together really
nicely over there.
I am going to give you some red onion.
Okay.
Which is going to add a nice savory element,
but still stay sweet and true to the flavors
of the curry.
So you go ahead and mix those inside there.
Alright.
What I have got going on right here, I have
got a nice sweet, tart element going with
some green apple.
So we are just going to just throw that right
inside there.
While you are mixing that together, what I
have is, this is the main element of the dish.
This is the turkey.
So I just got this at the deli.
It is a whole muscle meat turkey, so it is
a nice healthier version instead of processed
meat.
Um, this is going to be between four and five
dollars a pound.
Okay.
So this is the most expensive component to
the dish, but.
If we wanted to lower the price even more?
If you wanted to lower the price even more,
you can go with chicken believe it or not.
Because it is going to be about twenty to
twenty-five percent cheaper.
This is going to add a nice lean element with
all those bold flavors in there and a little
bit of that mayonnaise.
So you are going to mixed that in there and
what is really going to brighten this up is
add a dash of lemon juice.
You go ahead and just keep mixing that in
there.
Alright.
I am stirring.
Now, to make it all come together.
Okay.
We have your lettuces from the garden here.
One of things I really like to do with this
is, is instead of eating it like lettuce leaves
and kind of just breaking it up, I actually
like to kind of just take it and cut small
ribbons.
Just like this.
And we can either make this into a salad,
or we can make it right into a garnish right
on a sandwich.
Easy.
See that?
Nice and fluffy.
Taking this just like this, going right on
the plate.
Beautiful.
And then, what we can do is, we will take
that right there and go ahead.
But it right there on the side.
Go ahead and dish up a nice serving right
there.
You have about four servings there in total.
Wow!
That is a lot of food.
So this is a nice option right here or what
you can also do is if you did not want it
as a salad, then you can have it as a sandwich.
So we have a flatbread or if you have a tortilla
on hand.
Go ahead.
Alright.
And dish that right up inside of there.
What do you think?
Is that enough?
I think that it looks fantastic.
I think that it looks fantastic too.
The best part, is sampling.
A little taste.
Yes.
Oh!
Mmm!
This is delicious!
Wow, this is really good.
Ten dollars or less meals.
You rocked it man!
And I love this.
It was terrific.
So, next time, do you want to come back with
me and do it again?
I will be back, absolutely.
Alright, then we will see you next time.